feat: add SOCI indexing plugin and bakery ci publish orchestrator (#555)
posit-dev/images-shared: posit-bakery/docs/configuration.qmd

| `command`<br/>*string*             | The command to run within the `dgoss` container. This can be used to start a service in the container for testing.                                            | `sleep infinity`                                                                                                   | `start-server`   |
| `wait`<br/>*int*                   | The number of seconds to wait after container startup before running tests. Useful if there is a service that needs to complete its startup prior to testing. | `0`                                                                                                                | `30`             |

#### SociOptions

A SociOption configures [SOCI](https://github.com/awslabs/soci-snapshotter) (Seekable OCI) index generation for an image target. SOCI indexes let container runtimes lazily pull image layers, reducing startup latency for large images.

> SOCI options can be set in the `options` array of an [Image](#image) or an [ImageVariant](#imagevariant). When both are present, the variant's options are merged over the image's options, with any field not explicitly set on the variant inheriting the image-level value. SOCI conversion runs as a post-build step (for example, via `bakery soci convert` or the `--soci-mode` flag on `bakery ci publish`) and only acts on targets where `enabled` is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SOCI options can be set in the `options` array of an [Image](#image) or an [ImageVariant](#imagevariant). When both are present, the variant's options are merged over the image's options, with any field not explicitly set on the variant inheriting the image-level value. SOCI conversion runs as a post-build step via `bakery soci convert` (standalone) or as part of `bakery ci publish` (config-driven), and only acts on targets where `enabled` is `true`.
```
